Fix `AnnotatedTypeFactory.getDeclAnnotations` returning an empty set for package-info stub files (#269)
eisop/checker-framework: docs/CHANGELOG.md

**User-visible changes:**

Method `AnnotatedTypeFactory.getDeclAnnotations` should now return
the parsed annotations for a package element. Previously, it could

> return an empty set when it's parsing another file.

Author: should be an implementation detail

**Implementation details:**

> Method `AnnotatedTypeFactory.getDeclAnnotations` should now return
> the parsed annotations for a package element. Previously, it could
> return an empty set when it's parsing another file. (eisop#270)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Method `AnnotatedTypeFactory.getDeclAnnotations` now returns the
annotations for a package element. Previously, it returned an empty set
when parsing another file. (eisop#270)
```

Author: Thanks for the new wording!
